in a sweltering tent in central Gaza
8-year-old kais is living in fear of
being paralyzed his spine was damaged by
a bullet fired from an Israeli
drone the bullet penetrated his body
from left to right causing bleeding in
his lungs when he regained Consciousness
he said he couldn't feel his legs
doctors examined him and found that his
10th and 11th disc were fractured
crushed and his spinal cord damaged he's
been lying in bed for a month now
the extent of ka's injuries are unknown
because of a lack of MRI machines in
Gaza his suffering is made worse by a
severe shortage of medical
supplies my son needs a number of
surgical procedures emergency ones the
Hemorrhage in his spine must be removed
the spinal cord must be checked to
establish whether it's intact or not the
inflammation must be contained his
chances of survival are higher outside
the Gaza Strip there's no medication
available here in the hospital or the
pharmacies this was K before the war he
was a beaming happy child now he's often
in agony and relies on painkillers to
manage his
discomfort I hope I can be transferred
out of the Gaza Strip for treatment I
hope I'll be able to walk and jump in
the air like before looking after a
disabled child in a war zone is a
constant struggle his family has been
forced to leave their area eight times
since he was injured but
I hope officials think about these
children they've committed no crime
decision makers must observe a ceasefire
out of Mercy for those children this
innocent child is lying ill and can't
even find medications we denied all
forms of Assistance or relief
supplies doctors say kais needs to be
urgently transferred abroad for
treatment but his family isn't hopeful
that can be arranged anytime soon they
live in constant fear his condition will
deteriorate and he'll never walk again
Victoria gon B Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer